Follow the quests! There's quests for every major mod!
Quests often reward with you items that will help you out!
Remember to actually READ quest text. Quests often describe how you're supposed to do certain things.
You can open the quests with the G key, or a button at the top left of the inventory!
You can hold ` (to the left of the 1 key) while breaking a block to also break all the connected blocks.
You can double click the text box in JEI to highlight that item in open inventories.
In JEI you can search "@Botania" to search for all items from Botania.
You can type A while hovering over an item to pin it to the left of the inventory. Hit A while hovering over the pinned item to remove it.
You can hit K to lock the rotation of placed blocks.
Soul Powder can be used like Eyes of Ender, except they find Nether Fortresses.
Torch Arrows will place a Torch where they land.
Anvil an Enchanted Tome with an Enchanted Book to combine them.
Villagers follow you if you're holding a Block of Emerald.
You can place Blaze Rods, Gunpowder, and Glowstone Dust.
You can get rid of aesthetic sounds by muting Biome Sounds.
You can change the font by pressing the Home key.
Also visit /r/feedthebeast!
Also visit the Feed The Beast Discord!
Also visit the Modded Minecraft Discord!
BLM!
Quests have buttons that let you show what quests it needs, and what quests need it.
If you have any suggestions for quests, put them on the issue tracker!
If you have any suggestions for mods, put them on the issue tracker!
If you have any suggestions, make an issue on the issue tracker!
If you find incorrect or missing information, make an issue on the issue tracker!
You can contribute translations on the modpack's Github page!
The issue tracker is linked on the main menu.
The FTB Discord server is linked on the main menu.
Main menu music is "Remember" by 1micah5 (Rule of Fives).
If your world corrupts, backups are automatically saved to the modpack folder!
Thank you for playing!
You can change the shape Ultimine digs, including staircases up or down!
Combining an enchanted item with a normal book in an Anvil will extract the enchantment.
You can combine an Enchanted Book with empty Glass Bottles to get Bottles o' Enchanting.
